# CS319 ~ Group Meetings Log page ~

Below is a record of our project group meetings.

****
### Meeting ~ (28.09.2021, 60 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (FACE TO FACE)

**Discussion:** During this meeting, the topic which has more potential to be suitable for our project group was discussed. There are two potential topic which are mentioned by our instructor Eray Tüzün: "Student Club Manager" and "Pandemic Manager". After our discussion and voting, it was decided that we would like to work on "Student Club Manager" topic as project.

In the meeting, as a group it was also discussed that in which platform we would like to develop our project. In the end of the our discussion, we could not come out with an decision as a group and we delayed this discussion to our next meeting.

Last but not least, we created a list of technologies that we have potential to use during the development of our project. Our potential technologies that can bu used for project are listed below:

- For app development: "Flutter" for client, "Java" for Backend
- For web development: "React" for client, ".NET" or "Java" for Backend

**ToDo:**

****
### Meeting ~ (02.10.2021, 60 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (ONLINE)

**Discussion:** In this meeting, we firstly discussed that in which platform we would like to develop our project. It should be underlined that we could not come out with a decision for this question during our previous meeting, however, it was finally decided that developing mobile application will be better approach for our project.

Whether our project topic was not announced, we made a brainstorm about what features we should implement to our project if our topic will be given as "Student Club Manager". We also labeled these features as "additional" or "mandatory". These features can be found as list:

- Club president panel to define assignments to club members. (MANDATORY)
- Club board member should be implemented as user type. They will have permission to add/upgrade/delete/share the events. (MANDATORY)
- Calculation of how many potential attendance can be acquired during that event. This calculation will be done according to the conflicts of events. (MANDATORY)
- Displaying information about the events. (MANDATORY)
- Showing users to events that can be attended via notification. (ADDITIONAL)
- Daily events' information displayment. (ADDITIONAL)
- Attend to events. (MANDATORY)
- Sharing information about how event will be done in terms of online or face to face. (MANDATORY)
- Joining with bilkent mails to application. (MANDATORY)
- Implementation of "club following" attribute. (MANDATORY)

During this meeting, the technology that will be used in our client implementation of project was decided as well. We decided to use "Flutter with version 2.5.2" during the client implementation.


**ToDo:** Each member should install Flutter to their computers.

****
### Meeting ~ (09.10.2021, 240 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (FACE TO FACE)

**Discussion:** During this meeting, we designed our README.md file of our project. Also, we started to design the database of the system. The screenshot of the last version of our database design was attached to the README.md file as well. 

Last but not least, as a group, we came out with new features that might be added to our project. These features can be found as list below:

- Survey add/update/delete feature. (ADDITIONAL)
- Meetings room and class arrangements. (ADDITIONAL)
- Multi-Language attribute. (ADDITIONAL)
- Attendance traction via QR Code. (MANDATORY)
- Survey and attendance track for voting Club hierarchy, elections. (MANDATORY) 

**ToDo:**
